Explain how the multilang work on API (#40)
PrestaShop/ADR: 0023-cqrs-api-guidelines.md

- Attribute group (list):  `/attribute-groups`
- Attribute group associated values (list of sub part):  `/attribute-group/{attributeGroupId}/attributes`

### Multi language

> Some entities in PrestaShop have multi languages values (like product names, category descriptions, ...), this data must be presented in the API endpoints:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some entities in PrestaShop have multiple language values (like product names, category descriptions, ...), this data must be presented in the API endpoints:
```

or maybe `have multilang values` ?
